We saw the development and expansion of Harlech television initially and then ITV Wales stuttering
and spluttering its way into the television sphere and then the battle and fight to get
the S4C off the ground and unfortunately the slow development of the overall availability of television
for the whole of Wales. Initially in South Wales people in Devon and Cornwall used to complain because they could pick up
Harlech television being from Wenbow and the people in Carly were picking up Devon and Cornwall televisions
because of the scale and strength of the transmitters up here. It was a long time before we got any BBC Wales
and most of our stuff came as I said before from Sutton Coalfield and Winter Hill and then they started to put booster stations
in various places which amplified the broadcasting of the BBC Wales programmes and it's only recently that due to
digitalisation that I can get BBC Two Wales, get all the other programmes depending on which way your airing is positioned.
It's been quite an experience. I can remember as a child going to the cinema on a Saturday and watching these black and white movies
with cowboys and Indians and all sorts of things and saying to Nugin, oh boy wouldn't it be lovely if we had a picture like that
and we could watch it at home and I can remember a friend of mine, we had a garden shed and he had one of these little small cinema projectors
and he used to have about a three minute reel film or Felix the Cat and some of the early Mickey Mouse things
and he used to charge a penny to come into the shed to watch these and now you go home and I remember the first time that I saw one of these
42 inch television screens was only a couple of years ago, I was coming home from the pub, going past the house, I saw this man and a woman
and they were dancing around in the front room and it looked like a tennis racket in their hands and I saw a glimpse of this huge 42 inch screen on the wall
and they were actually playing tennis to the television, I don't know what it's called, I haven't got one but the latest innovation now is to be
almost reality television isn't it, being a part of what is going on in the screen.